Duan Tao sent someone to check
Hello
Thank you Mr. Gu for your trust
Mr. Gu does seem to have a problem
Our people haven't found out yet.
Need to wait a little longer
Why don't you go back first?
Are you still going to the auction at night?
OK
You can get off work when you arrive at the company in a while.
Keep an eye on me
Let me know when they're in the auction room
Who wants to enter the auction venue?
Mr. Shen Shen
What are you doing behind my back?
No, I didn't do anything.
I'm not deaf
What did you do?
Make it clear, I'll have someone release the message
A key primary school will be built next to the unfinished building in Xicheng
Mr. Gu has been inquiring about news there all day
Now on its way to the auction venue
It must be confirmed.
Who asked you to do that?
In case of discovery
What if the collaboration with the story ends?
I worked with the Zhao family hand in hand
Hugh Baigui Hu
If you don't listen to it, you are also from the Zhao family
Who let you get involved?
You tell me.
Who made you so self-assertive is
I did it from Great Xiao County
Miss Shen Pinting
Yes, Miss.
And gave me 5 million
He also held the line with one hand in the Zhao family.
Let me take the opportunity to pit Mr. Gu Shen Pinting
He doesn't stop abroad
You're killing me by doing this.
It's a dead look.
I'll tell you what.
I don't want to see you from now on
You immediately disappeared before my eyes
general manager
I'm all in the form of listening to big and small orders, Mr. Shen
I said you go
No car to meet the venue